All right marvelous TMI show good guys go to heaven bad guys go to batalla batalla
What's up brother? This is Brandon. How you doing? What's going on?
The third member of the YouTube
Ncgg shout out to you brother
so
Let me ask you a question straight up the bat. Like are you a passport bro?
Wow, probably a proud passport boy. Okay. That's what's up, and you love like weird all the places you've been
Okay, so
Took a little down. So this will be Thailand. I'm gonna go backwards Thailand
Dominican Republic
Brazil
Cartagena
Yes, I already said the Dominican Republic. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He said the makeup. Oh, I'll say the Dominican Republic twice right and
You love to travel like the traveling's in your blood now. Yes, you love to travel. I
Love it too, man. Look at this this beautiful landscape
Got Asian people everywhere
What do you think about
The places you've been like what would you say about some of the places you've been
Every place I've been to has his own shared experience
Um
some very
Every every place I'll say is at least pleasant. It's
It's pleasant
You have to adapt to each place that we have to adapt but
Overall the one thing I've known is seen about every place is the energy you give is energy you receive that's dope
Very very dope, bro
Energy you receive is the energy you get back. So what you know, whatever you give is what you get back. That is very dope
Could you pick yourself living overseas? Definitely. That's when the time is right. Yeah, um
Everywhere I go. I'm looking at infrastructure. I'm looking at their their economic infrastructure. I'm looking at
Businesses grants. I'm looking at everything. Yeah, I'm looking at different the needs one thing
Like for instance here in Pattaya in Thailand motorbikes are like the main
One of the most main ways of transportation, right? That's true. So if I wanted to open a business here, I would like I would one of the things
I would think about is
Something that has to do with motorbikes right maintaining selling them
That's true. It's one of the first thing that comes to mind. Airbnb's too. Airbnb's is very popular and shit Airbnb's
I'm open to a lot of different things, but it's definitely on the mind, right?
Now around your way in Philadelphia shout to Philadelphia my biggest market a lot of brothers
Do you know you went to school with a high school with college with they travel?
Not too many not too many
That's a crime too. Yeah. Yeah, I tried to
I'm always positive. I'm always I
Don't want to come up braggadocious
But while also one thing I want to move you see I was a little close
I
Want to encourage without being braggadocious. So a lot of people have a mentality that traveling requires a lot of money
A lot of no, it doesn't a lot of stuff if you start small
And you budget and you plan and you just go it's a lot easier
And my community or my circles I'm always encouraging people to travel because hey, I came from the exact same place you did
I'm not special. I'm not a superhuman. I'm not rich if I can do it anybody
So you yeah, yeah, yeah, you struggle a little bit in your youth, right?
Well, you know big family
to household income, you know
You know back in the 90s. It wasn't as hard as it is now
But at the end of the day, we have the amount of siblings I had
You didn't have the Disney World trips every year. Thanks, but you know, we went to OSHA City, Maryland
So my parents is still traveling in me and us
You know ever since we were little and now I'm older. I can just go and do whatever I want
What do you think about people that look down on passport bro? Oh, I love I love love it
I love when people speak negative about passport bros because
It's rooted in ignorance
for instance
I've had this conversation with a couple women
They and I told them I'm a passport bro. She was like, are you proud of that like very proud
And I'll ask that I told her the main reason why
There's a negative
Stigmatism with passport bro with the term passport bro. It's because it involves black men
if there was a British man who went to America and
Engaged in different relationships with American women. No one would say anything about it
In fact, they call them James Bond and I'll make movies about them and I'll make money off of them
But for some reason if a black man wants to go to another country and
Indulge in other countries. It's a problem. Why is that a problem?
Because then boy black man
That's deep you just went deep word up that that's that that's that's that's very very true
They don't say that to the white man. They don't say that to these motherfuckers. Look at that guy. I'm that guy
Don't say that to them. No disrespect to them. No
because if a guy from Mexico of a Mexican guy
went to Argentina
Found an Argentinian wife. No one would say a single thing. Word up
But for some reason if a black man wants to go to Costa Rica and find love there
Right, it's gonna ask yourself why is
So yes proud proud passport
Where would Thailand be on your list of top five places you would go?
Like as far as like you've been the Dominican Republic. You've been to Colombia. You've been to other places
So your top five places you'd like to go
What would you put Thailand as far as as far as the overall experience?
Thailand is
Third, I would say second third the culture the economics
The opportunities to do different adventurous things
Thailand is third. Okay when it comes to
Excursions
Brazil second
Columbia one
Columbia one, okay, but Thailand answer your question Thailand is third now growing up
Did you we just meet you in chapter 215? We just discussed and walking down there and
Ten years ago, would you see yourself in fucking Thailand and
Body facts we working out bunch of ball motherfuckers tattoos. It's it's all about a mentality
if I'm the kind of person who I'm
outgoing and
I'm willing to put myself out there. I'm secure enough for myself to be who I am
I
Love that I'm I am here and I'm anxious to see where the next few years take
Yeah
Good wealth and health and all that running around
Now, let me ask you a question because I know you pretty much forward and all that
Yeah, I love peace of the shit on your face. What?
It's Vidalaga Vidalaga Vidalaga, right?
Is that one of the reason I didn't want to get too serious with this? Come on. Yeah, I know I know okay
So let's start dancing to say the patio. There you go. Big man. There you go
My Vidalago happened I wasn't born with this talk a little loud. I wasn't born with this. Okay. I was 21
When it started off as a small little scratch it looked like a scratch
but
Understand every human body is different. Yeah, everybody's Vidalago is different Michael Jackson had all over his hands
He had all over my personal Vidalago story had to do a stress
I was very stressful when I was 21 and
The root cause for my stress I rooted it out and when I was 22 it stopped
So my Vidalago has just been it's just this
And once I cut out that stress I stopped stressing in my life really it stopped spreading
So that's as far as it's gonna go. God bless as far as I know
All right, so what Vidalago is is basically when your white blood cells attack your pigment cells
That's Vidalaga
There's no cream. There's no reason as to why as far as my knowledge goes
No one knows why your white blood cells just start attacking your pigment cells
The only thing doctors can say is it may be stress-related. It's not hereditary
Nobody in my family had it. It's not something I could pass on to my kid
Every human body is different. Everybody was trans responses stress different. Oh, yeah, some people gain weight
Some people lose their mind
Modest my stress caused me to develop it a lot. That's how it is
Yeah, you're very honest and forthcoming dude, so I figure there ain't a problem
You feel like you do better with women outside the country as far as Columbia, Thailand
Columbia and all that
My experience with women is pretty much the same everywhere
Um
Because my approach to women is always the same. I don't
I'm currently not looking for a relationship at all. Hmm. So every
basis of me
interacting with a woman is on a
Friendship. Hey, what's going on? Hey, you want to go out? No, okay? Bye. All right, whatever or hey, we got this in play
it's
it's
I'm not looking for anything. So because I don't have that I
Don't have to worry about that. Right. Everything is just how it is. Right. So I have the exact same success
here and
I spoke about the energy thing earlier
It doesn't matter what country I went to I
Have had a shared experience in every country which blows my mind
I've made connections with women that are deep and we don't even speak the same language and of course
the
The trope is oh, they only doing it for your money. No
No, this is this morning. Yeah, it's morning. When you're able to talk to someone every day
And money is never the conversation. We're talking about what do you like to do?
What's your family do like what you doing today? What's your job? What's your goals?
Like it's a connection. That's deeper than just a transaction
So and I've had that experience every country I've been to
It's kind of dope
So you really feel in the vibe like it's an energy thing with you it's like I think it's true
I think when you run into people there's a connection like this guy's cool and this guy's a jerk
Yeah, you know I'm in like so definitely an energy thing like you know I'm saying like you're meeting good people good
Bob's the energy
You know I'm saying now imagine a question when you out here. Do you ever see yourself like living living here and working here?
Fucker. Well
I'm not in a state where I'm not in a position where I can just
Drop everything. I have a I have a child an older child teenager. Yeah
She's my number one priority, of course
After that a couple years, I have no idea, but that's why I'm traveling now, right so I can get an idea of
The possibilities that might be right
That might be presented to me later, right?
Do you feel like as a black man, do you feel a difference traveling as opposed to Gunther back there?
Well
Being from America, it's hard to not notice the differences, but
As a black man as a black man, you already know there's certain things you want to encounter certain advantages of shit
I'm not just certain things you'll encounter, you know
but I
Try not to let negative things spoil or outweigh the positives because there's a lot of positive
As humans we focus on the negative that's just what we do
But I like to focus on a positive good interactions
You know the friendly interactions I have I like to focus on that one. Yeah, how are you with the people?
What do you think about we switch it up just a little bit little something on that? We think soy six. Hey like say six
Sys compared to Pedro Casante
What's Pedro Casante?
Pedro Casante is with Rumba and all that shit. He said where's Pedro Casante?
Two on five just pulled up. Mr. Workout sitting written there for five minutes and came back out
See what he had
Soy six was cool at first. I didn't think
I thought it'd be a little it was a little much, but nah, I dapped it. It's cool. I like it
Yeah, okay
If you can cuz you leaving basically tonight, yeah
But I deal like if you could just blink your eyes like a genie and all that how many more days would you stay? Oh?
I will say another week. Okay. Okay, cuz I will turn this trip because we're in Asia
I also want to go to the Philippines. I will turn this trip into another trip and go to the Philippines for like four days
Don't you think you could really call your job be like y'all twist my ankle at the shoreline? Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye
I'm not coming in. Nah, I don't mess with my money. I don't mess with my money. I'm budget everything
So it's right drama, right? Yeah CDL truck driver
I
I'm in I'm in the black. I like to stay in the black
I'm for seeing occurrences before everyone so I
Don't wait for I
Don't wait for things to happen. Let's start grinding. I'd rather grind right force them happen so that I can be ready
I I you know what? I totally dig that cause fly different color
I know I dig a hundred percent where you're coming from man
Like, you know, every you know saying like I feel like it's gonna sound corny. I'm like you listen to
But like, you know, you're driving your job your responsibility obligation. I feel like me being out here
I'm like the test dummy for the niggas that haven't came yet. You know, like I was here two more times before this time
So I kind of feel like this is my job condo. I don't know
you're doing a great service because
one of the reasons one of the reasons why I felt super comfortable
Going this trip is because I already knew that we were gonna be with somebody who's been out here already. That's what's up
So knowing how to move is very important when you go places, right? For instance, um
Layover is in Qatar
You can't move the same way in Qatar
World that you do in America. I picked those sides to you will have a very rude awakening
Thinking that you can move that way in Qatar. You know what though? You ain't got no visors
I'm in the bad from sneaking my vape and shit. I'm like, you think it's for me under for like two years
Yeah, see, I don't I don't indulge in nothing. I'll drink a beer or two. That's dope, but uh
But that's for another reason. I'm afraid. I'm very afraid of drugs
Very afraid of what drugs because I have a very addictive
Personality like if I find something I like it's too hard to stop. So I'm too afraid just to try anything
Too afraid. So do you ever could see you ever see yourself?
With an entire woman like full-time part-time. I
Should on buddy
Um, actually remember that connection I was talking about earlier in Bangkok. I sort of had a nice connection with
Taya her name is Taya Taya, okay, Taya
Unfortunately, we weren't there long enough
but I feel like the energy she was giving I
Could have that could have turned into something. Okay, I had more time. So I won't say no
But I'm sure Taya isn't the only one I could have felt that way. So I'm not gonna say no
I'm not gonna say a hundred percent. I'll say it's possible. Now. Listen
There's a strong strong
Philadelphia community that traveling man, like the Philly get now nice. Okay, shorty
Go crowd. Just sitting you at the spot. That's the best spot. Okay. Oh, yeah Philly runs a lot of brothers from Philadelphia, bro
Good. Yeah, and it was crazy. Philadelphia's only 30 minutes big. That's crazy. Yeah, like that's crazy to me
I encourage everyone to travel
Everyone well, even if you can only travel one time per year, right? Just do it
Even if you're for five a five-day trip, let's say
because
okay
From Philadelphia
You can leave from the Philadelphia airport
We're connecting flights from Miami to the DR or you can catch the train and Amtrak
Catch that up to New York. Do a straight flight to the DR
From JFK, it's so simple. It's so cheap. It's so simple that one trip will inspire you
to
Take another one. Yeah, the next you know, you're doing two a year
You know, you know, you're doing three next. You know, you're doing four a year and now you're like, whoa every three months
I just realized I'm somewhere else
And that's how you grow as a person, right? It's impossible to take these trips and not have human interactions
That's not gonna impact. It's impossible. Right impossible
So that's the beauty of it
That's dope, man. I mean
Like I said, I was scared to death before I traveled to the Dominican Republic. So, you know, I tell people just take a chance
Let me tell you something
Do not listen to people
Experience things on your own. I've never been to Thailand. I have had hundreds of people tell me there's nothing but ladyboys everywhere
Oh, be careful. They're gonna run into it
They never stepped outside of Philly the same people saying this word people who never stepped outside of Philly. I get here
It's beautiful. I think I've ran into like four ladyboys my whole trip here
for
Even when I did I was in a pharmacy and one of them was helping me with my skin care
Like I'm very secure in my sexuality. So it's like I'm not I'm not like afraid of
Afraid to talk to him or anything. I know that's not that's not what I do
So it's like it's not gonna be afraid of
Like I feel like if people want to live the life they want to live they live my life
Live yours, it's not to be afraid of so overall getting back to the main point
Everybody's gonna have something to say. Oh, you go to the DR is nothing but STDs and everything or it's violence in
No, go experience it for your side once you do that
You'll see do you see yourself coming back to Thailand anytime soon
Probably next year
Probably next year I have some other trips longer. It's gonna be longer next time. Well, it'll be it'll be a duo
I'm gonna split it
Because I really want to go to the Philippines and you I heard you I think to to set it that you want to go to Phuket
Yeah, I want to go to Phuket because I like the island man. Yeah, I like the islands. I love the water
I
Love the prices of everything here
Like yacht excursions for hundred and eight dollars
You're not much of a yacht will run you in Miami
A lot of times I didn't want to get too deep into it, but you're a religious man
Higher belief in God and all that that's what keeps us healthy and safe and all of that like I
Think it's important that you know, you know, you're religious and all that like you still
Travel right like you still playing on traveling. Look it down act like you don't know
I know you didn't want to get I didn't want to get too deep into it to put you on the spot
But you know you're a religious man. Yes, I do believe in a creator flesh is weak. I do believe in the creator
Yeah, I will contain a travel okay, we believe that that is uncomfortable just like talking about the Eagles
It's very uncomfortable. No, I'm not really eaters
No, you the same attitude you just took the same attitude you said I talk about the Eagles cheaters
cheaters I
Brought my Zikwan Barclay Jersey here. I got love. I got love right people that me up all over down here
That's cuz everybody know
World champs. What do you want to say to somebody that's scared to travel that hasn't traveled?
I think you already covered it, but what would be a message to be like?
Say like somebody that'd be like you met me at work. He's training and then you'd be like, uh-uh, I get killed
Can I people say that about the or still I'll get killed if I go out there and they still say that I get killed if I go out there
All right, so I would say reach out to some different people in the travel you
Youtubers. Yes reach out because the one thing about the travel community is we encourage we want more
We want more members of the travel community. Thanks, and I can't speak for
Every single person, but I would say at least eight out of ten will direct you in a way
That will benefit you like we're not out here to fool you to steal your money
We want you to have a successful
Excessful encounter when you do travel reach out
Talk to different people ask them. Yeah, right down questions. Ask them exactly what you do
Is it safe? How do you how do I take out money? Where can I use my card here? Like just ask
Just ask
Yeah, cuz once you actually do it, you'll see you're like, oh, I was afraid of a lot of things that were unnecessary
What was the scariest part about taking this flight even though you was going with my man over there?
She's well, I'm
320 pounds so the thing I was most afraid of was sitting there see
like so I
Was able to get in the seat and I was I was cool, but that was scary. I didn't know that
That's a proper thing to pay, but you got to realize that people travel too
We know they turn us into cargo planes and shit
There's no seats just let us roll around at the planes moving and shit, but also that's a form of inspiration also
For myself personally don't go too deep. I'm not you only got a certain amount of time
Because we look around his dog they close
All the stuff at the base like
No
Close it out close it out bring this home land the plane so not traveling you want it it forces you
to want to do more
fact and
Better job proceed. No, no job. I'm talking about health wise. Okay, and there are some things that you're
Your weight may prohibit you from doing paracels. I wanted to paracels. They was like, hey, you're too heavy
Okay, Brandon. Well, Brandon, if you want a paracel get that weight down you want to skydive get that weight down facts
So now I have in my mind. All right. They might have did you explain the patient? Yeah
No, it's not to be a it's not to be angry about or angry at somebody else. It's self-motivation
That's all okay because the next time I take a pic with me paracel and I'm gonna reference back this video
From when I was too happy to do it. Well, you don't watch my channel anyway, brother
Then when I post you I'll be talking about shit. You don't know nothing about
You say you watch YouTube as a shit, you don't know nothing what I'm saying. I bet you don't even subscribe
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we're having fun man's 215 birthday put it in the comment happy birthday 215
Word up. Oh, I say 42
Niggas be lying about their age man
I want to speak to your mother. What's your job? What's my name? I think we'll end it on that everybody
Hahaha
